now the app is working, but when i try to enter, after i accept the auth, it is just spinning in the auth page and not taking me inside the app

YP

tinymanagerai
Assistant
3 minutes ago
Looking at the console logs, I can see the exact issue. The authentication is working (users are successfully logging in), but there's a database constraint violation that's causing the server to crash during the user creation process:

Failed to upsert user: error: duplicate key value violates unique constraint "users_email_unique"
...
Key (email)=(tinymanagerai@gmail.com) already exists.
The problem is in the upsertUser function in server/storage.ts. The current implementation tries to insert a user first, but when a user already exists, it fails instead of updating. The Drizzle ORM's onConflictDoUpdate isn't working as expected.

Let me fix this:

server/storage.ts
Also, let's add better error handling in the authentication callback to prevent the server from crashing:

server/replitAuth.ts
Now let's also add the missing import for the eq function that's needed in the storage file:

The issue was that when an existing user tries to log in, the system was trying to insert them again instead of updating their information, causing a database constraint violation. This crashed the server and left the user stuck on the spinning authentication page.

With these fixes:

The upsertUser function will properly check if a user exists and update them instead of trying to insert
Better error handling prevents the server from crashing during authentication
Users should now be able to log in successfully and be redirected to the appropriate page
Checkpoint made
Fix authentication user creation bug
3 minutes ago
•
now nothing happneds when i press "get started"

YP

tinymanagerai
Assistant
1 minute ago
Looking at your console logs, I can see the authentication flow is working but failing during the user upsert process. The issue is that when you click "Get Started", the authentication is successful but crashes during database operations due to the upsertUser function still trying to insert instead of properly handling existing users.

Even though we fixed the upsertUser function in storage.ts, there's still an issue with the database constraint. Let me add a missing import that's needed for the eq function:

server/storage.ts
The import is already there, so the issue is that the upsert is still not working properly. Let me check the exact error pattern and fix the authentication callback to handle the database constraint violation more gracefully:

server/replitAuth.ts
Now let me also improve the upsertUser function to handle the email constraint better:

The issue is that the authentication process is failing during the database upsert operation because there's already a user with the same email. The fixes above will:

Better handle database constraint violations in the authentication callback
Improve the upsertUser function to properly handle cases where a user already exists by email
Prevent the server from crashing and instead gracefully handle existing users
After these changes, when you click "Get Started", the authentication should complete successfully and redirect you to either the dashboard (if you've completed onboarding) or the onboarding page.

Assistant automatically restarted your App after applying file changes. You can disable this behavior in 
.
Checkpoint made
Fix user authentication database constraint handling
just now
•

Scroll to latest
Assistant mode
